DMS-UI User Docs Update (#260)
overture-stack/website: markdown/documentation/dmsui/installation/configuration/ego.md

---
title: Integrating Ego
---

Before integrating Ego with the DMS-UI make sure you have Ego running and configured with an identity provider. For instructions on setting up and configuring Ego see our [Ego documentation here](https://overture.bio/documentation/ego).

To add Ego to the DMS UI:

> 1. On the left hand panel select Applications.

Reviewer: This is a bit unclear as is. May benefit from screenshots to illustrate, but I wonder how much this would be redundant from the ego docs. 🤔

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Ego for the DMS-UI:

1. Within the Ego UI <!-- insert default url here -->, select "Applications" on the left hand panel.
```

Author: Can add, would have to update image and text anyways if UI were to change so not much of a maintenance burden

Reviewer: I'll defer to you for that choice 👍
